Readme Update with FAQ Section (#149)
UncleGoogle/galaxy-integration-humblebundle: README.md

2. Filter to subscriptions

![Humble Filters](resources/Humble_filters.png)

3. Group by subscriptions

![Humble Group By](resources/Humble_Groupby.png)

3. Bookmark

![Humble bookmarked](resources/Humble_bookmarked.png)

4. Rename a new bookmark with right-click

## FAQ

### Can I group my Humble games and Choice games altogether?

You have to create a new filtered Humble Bundle bookmark, proceeding as follows:

> 1. Click on the defauit _Humble Bundle_ bookmark: you see only the owned games in this view, and your goals is to have a similar view that lists both owned and subscritptions games.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Click on the default _Humble Bundle_ bookmark: you see only the owned games in this view, and your goal is to have a similar view that lists both owned and subscription games.
```

> 2. Change the view filter selecting the funnel icon, then the Status menu -> and then flagging both _Owned_ and _Subcriptions_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Change the view filter selecting the funnel icon, then the Status menu -> and then flagging both _Owned_ and _Subcriptions_.
```

![HumbleBundle_Filters](resources/HumbleBundle_Filters.png)

> 3. Bookmark the search query you just composed clicking on the small bookmark flag

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Bookmark the search query you've just composed clicking on the small bookmark flag.
```

![Humble bookmarked](resources/Bookmarking.png)

> 3. The view that you've just created will show in the bookmark list as an _Humble Bundle_ duplicate, so you want to rename it. To do so click with right mouse button on the new bookmark itself and select _Rename bookmark_ changing name with something you like as for example _Humble Owned + Choices_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. The view that you've just created will appear in the bookmark list as an _Humble Bundle_ duplicate, so you want to rename it. To do so, click with right mouse button on the new bookmark itself and select _Rename bookmark_ changing name with something you like as for example _Humble Owned + Choices_.
```

looks more natural for me (but again: I'm not an Englishman, fell free to ignore if you know better)

![Humble Rename Bookmark](resources/Bookmark_rename.png)

4. Now when you select the new bookmark you can view (and search!) both owned and subscription Humble Bundle games.

>   ![Hmmble Store and Subsc](resources/Bookmark_renamed.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Hmmble Store and Subsc](resources/Bookmark_renamed.png)
```

2. Filter to subscriptions

![Humble Filters](resources/Humble_filters.png)

3. Group by subscriptions

![Humble Group By](resources/Humble_Groupby.png)

3. Bookmark

![Humble bookmarked](resources/Humble_bookmarked.png)

4. Rename a new bookmark with right-click

## FAQ

### Can I group my Humble games and Choice games altogether?

> You have to create a new filtered HUble Bungle bookmark, proceeding as follows:

Author: :-)

1. Click on the defauit _Humble Bundle_ bookmark: you see only the owned games in this view, and your goals is to have a similar view that list both owned and subscritptions games.

2. Change the view filter selecting the funnel icon, then the Status menu -> and then flagging both _Owned_ and _Subcriptions_

![HumbleBundle_Filters](resources/HumbleBundle_Filters.png)

3. Bookmark the search query you just composed clicking on the small bookmark flag

![Humble bookmarked](resources/Bookmarking.png)

> 3. The view that you just created will show in the bookmark list as an _Humble Bundle_ duplicate, so you want to rename it. To do so click with right mouse button on the new bookmark itself and select _Rename bookmark_ changing name with something you like as for example _Humble Store & Subsc_.

Author: Ok!

![Humble Rename Bookmark](resources/Bookmark_rename.png)

4. Now when you select the new bookmark you can view (and search!) both owned and subscription Humble Bundle games.

  ![Hmmble Store and Subsc](resources/Bookmark_renamed.png)

> Tip: you can also create an _All games_ bookmark in a similar way to include also subscriptions games as they were owned games.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tip: you can also create an _All games_ bookmark for all other platforms in a similar way.
```

4. Rename a new bookmark with right-click

## FAQ

> ### How can I search for games in subscriptions and owned games at the same time?

Reviewer: Ah, so you mean a general UI trick in Galaxy. I didn't understand firstly.

I'm not convinced to put info like that in this repo, it fits better in awesome-gog-galaxy or a separate FAQ gist to aim bigger audience.

But here we can be more specific, like:

`Can I group my Humble games and Choice games altogether?`

and then the same solution but slightly modified (with additional filter for humble).

Author: Ok i think i cannot edit my own PR, so I will do another one, you can reject this!

Reviewer: can't you? And if you edit it on your repo?

Author: I think I made it :) have a look!

You have to create an _All games_ bookmark, proceeding as follows:

1. Open the default _Owned games_ bookmark

2. Change the filter selecting both owned games and subcription

  ![Filter Configuration](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/77177410/106529888-88ca8d00-64eb-11eb-96e2-3c55ff4ddc9b.png)

3. Bookmark the search you just composed

  <img src="https://i.gyazo.com/d3cb0876788849a9117f739e3b5d875a.png" width="400">

> 4. Now you can normally searchthe new  _All games_ view as you do with all bookmarks view

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Now you can normally search the new  _All games_ view as you do with all bookmarks view
```
